{\rtf1\ansi \deff0 {\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss Arial;}
{\f1\fmodern Courier;}
{\f2\froman Times New Roman;}
{\f3\fdecor Symbol;}}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue0;
\red0\green127\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255}
\paperw11906\paperh16838


#{\footnote  HLP400 }
${\footnote  Characters }
K{\footnote  Characters }
+{\footnote  00200 }

\pard \sa60 \sb60 \f0 \fs40 \keepn \li0 \b Characters \b0 \par \pard \par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\b ... \\b0 \b0 
 \tab The text enclosed by \\b and \\b0 is displayed in bold typeface. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\i ... \\i0 \b0 
 \tab The text enclosed by \\i and \\i0 is displayed in italic typeface. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\f<n> \b0 
 \tab A font is selected by \\f<n>, where <n> indicates the ordinal position of the font in the font table as defined at the beginning of an RTF document with
 \\fonttbl. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160  \tab \\f0 is the default font: \{\\f0\\fswiss Arial;\} 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160  \tab \\f1 is defined in this example as follows: \{\\f1\\fmodern Courier;\} 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160  \tab \\f1 is defined in this example as follows: \{\\f2\\froman Times New Roman;\} 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\fs<n> \b0 
 \tab The Font Size is defined by <n>. The unit is the \i double \i0 point size: 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160  \tab \fs20 \\fs20 10 point font 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160  \tab \fs36 \\fs36 18 point font 
\par
\pard \page

#{\footnote  HLP500 }
${\footnote  Paragraph }
K{\footnote  Paragraph }
+{\footnote  00201 }

\pard \sa60 \sb60 \f0 \fs40 \keepn \li0 \b Paragraph \b0 \par \pard \par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\par \b0 
 \tab Each paragraph ends with \\par. All text preceding \\par is treated as one paragraph where all CR + LF characters are removed. If an RTF file is edited as
 ASCII text, the last character in a line must be a blank space. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\pard \b0 
 \tab This resets all previous formatting statements to their default values (Paragraph Default). 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\keep \b0 
 \tab \par

 \pard \f1 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \keep 
\\keep causes a paragraph not to be wrapped as it is the case with this paragraph. \par
\pard
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\li<n> \b0 
 \tab This token defines the \b l \b0eft \b i \b0ndent of a paragraph. <n> is the distance in Twips. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\ri<n> \b0 
 \tab This token defines the \b r \b0ight \b i \b0ndent of a paragraph. <n> is the distance in Twips. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\sa<n> \b0 
 \tab This token defines the \b s \b0pace \b a \b0fter a paragraph. <n> is the distance in Twips. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\sb<n> \b0 
 \tab This token defines the \b s \b0pace \b b \b0efore a paragraph. <n> is the distance in Twips. 
\par
\pard \page

#{\footnote  HLP600 }
${\footnote  Page }
K{\footnote  Page }
+{\footnote  00202 }

\pard \sa60 \sb60 \f0 \fs40 \keepn \li0 \b Page \b0 \par \pard \par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b #\{\\footnote <ID>\} \b0 
 \tab The token \\footnote is used for identifying a help window within the online help system. In the RTF source code, #\{\\footnote <ID>\} indicates the \b
 beginning \b0 of a page and <ID> is the symbolic identifier used to reference the help window. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\keepn \b0 
 \tab This token can be used only in the first paragraph. The paragraph is then displayed in a non-scrolling region. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2340 \tx2340 \fi-2160 \b \\page \b0 
 \tab The end of a page is indicated by \\page (page break). It also defineds the end of a help window. 
\par
\pard \page

#{\footnote  HLP700 }
${\footnote  \\footnote }
K{\footnote  \\footnote }
+{\footnote  00203 }

\pard \sa60 \sb60 \f0 \fs40 \keepn \li0 \b \\footnote \b0 \par \pard \par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120 \li180 \tx0 \fi0 The windows help compiler uses the token \b \\footnote \b0 for different purposes: 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2880 \tx2880 \fi-2700 \b # \b0\{\\footnote <ID>\} 
 \tab # indicates the symbilic identifier <ID> for a help window. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2880 \tx2880 \fi-2700 \b $ \b0\{\\footnote <Name>\} 
 \tab $ indicates the name of a window. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2880 \tx2880 \fi-2700 \b K \b0\{\\footnote <Keyword>\} 
 \tab K indicates key words which appear in the index of the online help. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2880 \tx2880 \fi-2700 \b + \b0\{\\footnote <Seq>\} 
 \tab + defines the browse sequence (ordinal position) of a window in the help system. <Seq> is sorted according to its ASCII value. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120  \li2880 \tx2880 \fi-2700 \b @ \b0\{\\footnote <Text>\} 
 \tab @ indicates a comment in the RTF source code. <Text> does not appear in the online help. 
\par
\pard \page

#{\footnote  HLP800 }
${\footnote  Hypertext Links }
K{\footnote  Hypertext Links }
+{\footnote  00205 }

\pard \sa60 \sb60 \f0 \fs40 \keepn \li0 \b Hypertext Links \b0 \par \pard \par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120 \li180 \tx0 \fi0 Hypertext links are defined using the following pattern in the RTF source code: 
\par

 \pard \f1 \fs20 \sa120 \li180 \keep 
   \\<format> <Text> \\<format>0 \{\\v <ID>\} \par
\pard
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120 \li180 <Text> becomes highlighted a defines the hot spot which opens another help window. For <format> the tokens \i strike \i0 oder \i ul \i0 can be used. 
\par
\pard \f0 \fs20 \sa120 \li180 This is a link to \strike Document definitions{\v HLP300}\strike0  
\par
\pard \page

}
